[Music]
we can say that about everything in the
past
why has tf2 not had updates since 2017
why a new half-life only for vr what
happened to the potted plant
but today we're going to talk about five
awesome tf2 things
that valve added to the game only for it
to be abandoned
disabled or broken after the casual
update
number one replays an amazing feature
added into the game
in 2011. after nine years post
development hopefully it was worth the
wait
this feature was enabled on all valve
servers before the casual update
ended up breaking it
replays allow people to make clips of
their funny and impressive gameplay
moments without taking hours learning
the demo ui tools
and figuring out the drive feature
replay was essentially an stv recording
for everyone in pubs but with a clean ui
and fun achievements to get people
engaged
[Music]
don't forget the saxi awards that came
from people making the best
and most rewatchable replays even though
most of the winners weren't
really replays now it's entirely
sfm content not that sfm is bad but
it doesn't represent the actual gameplay
better than replays did
i still think pyrocar should have won
[Music]
number 2 badge tier color on the tab
panel on the 2017 major tf2 update
valve added casual level tiers that
means when you reach
level 150 your tier will be upped by one
and the levels will be restored to one
as a reward for your dedication you'll
unlock a new badge color
that will set you apart from the other
people when you hit tab and view the
scoreboard
the more you prestige the more colors
you can collect
the system works very well for three
months
then and today it's still broken and
unfixed
so you can only see your tier color and
only on the main menu
[Music]
you'd think in a game that pretty much
revolutionized multiplayer cosmetics
they'd fix the feature that gives you
bragging rights
[Music]
number three keep party members on the
same
team on the casual settings
you can find a funny check keep party
members and the same team
coming soon funny story that coming soon
has been there for
oh let me let me check my watch three
years
very important feature that will keep
you and your friend in the same team
on a related note i feel like the
autobahns actively prioritize
breaking up parties whenever it has the
chance especially when the game is
almost over
now that's a good way to get you and
your friends to go play something else
[Music]
number four the coach feature was added
in game
in 2011. this allows you to coach a
newbie by looking at him from nymph club
mode and telling him where to go or to
attack
[Music]
yeah i get it okay after they prove to
valve that they're a good player by
buying hats they get to choose a player
that helped them
and you get a cool hat with a tranquil
of how many wallets you've converted
as you can probably tell this feature no
longer works due to how casual
doesn't work you only see an error and
then you just have to link the new
players a tutorial instead
like this one on screen now
number five spectator something that
only works on custom servers as of the
2016 casual update
very handy for checking out a player who
may be cheating
hey check to see if they've got ugc
middles and then you know they're a
cheetah
it was also very fun if you wanted to
shout cast in pubs
ah the memories anyway this is no longer
possible since you can't pick your team
in casual so the true 11th class is lost
to the general player base
[Music]
so in conclusion there was so many great
features that were dropped for casual
hopefully with half-life alex coming out
we may see a return of some team
fortress team devs
if you the lovely viewer are equally
upset
at the loss of these changes we are
holding a poll
vote whether you wish to see these
features back and developed upon in
casual
or you don't really mind vote now
thanks for watching hit the like button
if you enjoyed the video
subscribe for more and good bye
[Music]